2wrong.txt                   invalid penalty
asymmetrical.txt             Solution A B C D E F H G; Quality: 8
invalid2.txt                 No valid solution possible!
invalidforbidden.txt         No valid solution possible!
invalidtoonear.txt           No valid solution possible!
machpen1.txt                 Solution A B C D E F H G; Quality: 36
machpen2.txt                 Solution A B C D E H G F; Quality: 45
nochoice2.txt                Solution A B C D E F G H; Quality: 8
nochoice.txt                 Solution H G F E D C B A; Quality: 800
optzero.txt                  Solution A B C D E F G H; Quality: 0
toonearpen1.txt              Solution A B C D E H F G; Quality: 16
toonearpen2.txt              Solution A B C D E G F H; Quality: 18
toonearpen3.txt              Solution E F G H A D B C; Quality: 16
wrongmachine.txt             invalid machine/task
wrongmachpenalty1.txt        machine penalty error
wrongmachpenalty2.txt        machine penalty error
wrongnumbermachine.txt       invalid penalty
wrongnumbertoonear.txt       invalid penalty
wrongpartialassignment.txt   partial assignment error
wrongtask.txt                invalid machine/task
wrongtooneartask.txt         invalid task

